[MIGRATION] Add note about authentication errors and server errors (#534)
cloudant/java-cloudant: MIGRATION.md

1. There is no built-in pagination support for views. Examples coming soon.
1. Replay interceptors are replaced by the [automatic retries](https://github.com/IBM/ibm-cloud-sdk-common/#automatic-retries) feature for failed requests.
1. Error handling is not transferable from `java-cloudant` to `cloudant-java-sdk`. For more information go to the [Error handling section](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/cloudant?code=java#error-handling) in our API docs.
1. Custom HTTP client configurations in `java-cloudant` are not transferable to 

>    `cloudant-java-sdk`. For more information go to the [Configuring the HTTP client section](https://githubcom/IBM/ibm-cloud-sdk-common/#configuring-the-http-client) in the IBM Cloud SDK Common README.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `cloudant-java-sdk`. For more information go to the [Configuring the HTTP client section](https://github.com/IBM/ibm-cloud-sdk-common/#configuring-the-http-client) in the IBM Cloud SDK Common README.
```

Author: Done in a389d6f

1. There is no built-in pagination support for views. Examples coming soon.
1. Replay interceptors are replaced by the [automatic retries](https://github.com/IBM/ibm-cloud-sdk-common/#automatic-retries) feature for failed requests.
1. Error handling is not transferable from `java-cloudant` to `cloudant-java-sdk`. For more information go to the [Error handling section](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/cloudant?code=java#error-handling) in our API docs.
1. Custom HTTP client configurations in `java-cloudant` are not transferable to 
   `cloudant-java-sdk`. For more information go to the [Configuring the HTTP client section]
   (https://github.com/IBM/ibm-cloud-sdk-common/#configuring-the-http-client) in the IBM Cloud SDK Common README.

> 1. Authentication errors turn out at the time of instantiation of a client, while errors

Reviewer 2: I think we should split this into two items.
Wdyt about these changes:
```suggestion
1. Authentication errors occur during service instantiation.  For example, the code `Cloudant service = Cloudant.newInstance("EXAMPLE");` will fail with `Authentication information was not properly configured.` if required environment variables prefixed with `EXAMPLE` are not set.
1. Server errors occur when running a request against the service.  We suggest to
   check server errors with [`getServerInformation`](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/cloudant?
    code=java#getserverinformation) which is the new alternative of `metaInformation()`.
```

Author: Done in a91600a
